Boss Su, if your Su Group
There is no room for Miss Late Autumn's talents
Then our Tang Group is very willing to accept
Certainly.
If Miss Wanqiu leaves your Su Group
Then the settlement agreement will be invalid
Boss Zhang, what is your last name?
Miss Late Autumn
We, Down Group
We cordially invite you to join us.
Master, would you like to?
This mantis is worthy of celebrating history
Just a few words can turn the tide
What are you doing?
Boss Tang
Miss Su Wanqiu is an important talent in our Su Bureau
Just been promoted to compensation for the design department
You poach people in front of me
This is not suitable, is it?
Inadequate design
To save the strength of the lady
Too subdued
Miss Universe
If you are willing to join our Down Group
I will give you a higher position
10 times the trust
Wan Qiang, you are an important talent in our group
Can't you go?
Thank you very much for Tang Ribao's favor
But as a member of the Su family
Or do you have to handle the secretion for your own company?
OK, I see.
Then I wish us a happy cooperation.
Happy cooperation
Oh, right.
You're giving gifts through the back door this time
Let my boss on the road know
He was very angry
He asked me to tell you
Don't make any more moths
If anything happens to me again
Then I will terminate the step-by-step agreement